Implementation Phase Report for The Battle of the Marauders - Version 3
We have outlined a tentative plan for implementing The Battle of the Marauders, which will be developed using Python and Pygame. The plan is divided into three phases, and each phase has a set of tasks that need to be completed. We have assigned responsibilities to each team member based on their expertise.

Phase 1: Framework Development

Responsibilities:

Vivek Jariwala: Create the title screen and design the sprites for the characters using Pixilart.com - COMPLETED 
Jeffano John: Implement the character creation screen and map system. - COMPLETED 1/2 (character selection is done, map is in progress)
Aahash Srikumar: Implement the game's combat system and design the different moves/abilities of each character. - IN PROGRESS
Ahmed Elghandour: Develop the programs for storing character information, equipment, and items. - IN PROGRESS

Phase 2: Content Creation

Responsibilities:

Vivek Jariwala: Focus on developing the battle for enemies #1 and #2. - IN PROGRESS
Jeffano John: focus on developing the battle for enemies #3 and #4. - IN PROGRESS
Aahash Srikumar: Implement enemy AI and design the game's combat animations and effects. - IN PROGRESS
+ From Phase 1: Implement the game's combat system and design the different moves/abilities of each character. - IN PROGRESS
Ahmed Elghandour: Implement the shop feature of the game that allows players to upgrade their abilities/weapons. - IN PROGRESS
+ From Phase 1: Develop the programs for storing character information, equipment, and items. - IN PROGRESS

Phase 3: Testing and Polish

Responsibilities:

Vivek Jariwala: Created two thirds of the battle system code for all the enemies and design the assets - COMPLETED 
Jeffano John: Created the code for the map systems and platforming gameplay. - COMPLETED 
Aahash Srikumar: Created third of the battle system code for all the enemies, design map levels, created code for upgrade system. - COMPLETED
Ahmed Elghandour: Testing the mechanics of the game - COMPLETED  

Phase 4: Final

Vivek Jariwala: Reduce time to load screens
Jeffano John: Change animation stutters
Aahash Srikumar: Balance the difficulty 
Ahmed Elghandour: Continue testing mechanics and providing feedback - COMPLETED 
